
## Typescript download

1. First, download and install Node.js. (Must install into C Drive)
2. To check the installation, use the following commands:
   - ==`node -v`== (`nvm install 22.13.1` and `nvm use 22.13.1`)
   - `npm -v` (This is a library of node. It download auto with node installation but if need latest version `npm install -g npm@latest`. Running Node.js `v22.13.1` on npm version `10.9.0`)
4. To check the TypeScript version: `tsc -v` (install TypeScript globally ==`npm install -g typescript`== or, `npm install -g typescript@5.7.3`)
5. Download the ESLint extension in VS Code.
6. Finally, check ==`tsc -v`== after the installation.

## Angular Download

1. First, download and install Node.js.
2. Install Angular CLI globally using the command:  
   ==`npm install -g @angular/cli`== or, `npm install -g @angular/cli@17.3.11`
3. To check the Angular version, use the command:  
   ==`ng v`==  
   *(Press `y` when prompted for the first time.)*
4. Use `npm list -g` to check both Angular and TypeScript versions at the same time.


## How to Uninstall Node, TypeScript, and Angular

1. **Uninstall TypeScript** (After reinstalling, this TS update version will be automatically downloaded for Node.js.): `npm uninstall -g typescript`
2. **Uninstall Angular CLI** (After reinstalling, this Angular CLI update version will be automatically downloaded for Node.js.): `npm uninstall -g @angular/cli
3. **Uninstall Node.js**: (If you uninstall Node first, then uninstalling TypeScript and Angular will not work)
	- **If installed via NVM (Node Version Manager)**: Run the following command to uninstall `nvm uninstall <version>`
	- **If installed via the installer (exe)**: Use a program like **Revo Uninstaller** to remove it.



## Additional Information

> [!info] 
> 1. Angular Versions Guide](https://v17.angular.io/guide/versions)
> 2. If you want to use multiple versions of Node.js on the same computer, you can download an open-source tool called `nvm` (Node Version Manager). Don't confuse about npm and nvm.