In C# is the ability to inspect and interact with types, objects, and members dynamically at runtime; it is useful for scenarios like code analysis, serialization, and creating extensible frameworks.

- When `GetGetMethod().IsVirtual` is used, it typically serves to determine whether a property is an overridden property in a derived class or an original property in the base class.
    
- **BindingFlags.Instance**: This value can be passed to the `GetMembers`, `GetFields`, `GetProperties`, and `GetMethods` methods of the `Type` class to specify that you only want to retrieve the instance members of the type.
    
- **It's important to note**: In `prop.GetType().IsClass`, `GetType()` is a method of the `System.Object` class. On the other hand, in `prop.PropertyType.IsPrimitive`, `PropertyType` is a property of `System.Reflection`. Finally, in `prop is decimal`, the `is` keyword checks whether the value of `prop` is of type decimal; however, it does not confirm the data type itself.

``` csharp
var properties = obj.GetType().GetProperties();

foreach (PropertyInfo prop in properties)

if (prop.PropertyType.IsClass)

    console.Writeline(prop.Name);
```

- **In Regression**
  - `PropertyInfo[] _properties;`
    - When dealing with a large number of properties in a class (where a property refers to an auto-implemented getter and setter), we declare a `PropertyInfo[] _properties` array object that holds all the properties for a specific class.

- **Recursion** `property.GetValue(obj, null);`
    - A `System.StackOverflowException` will occur if I do not use `property.GetValue(obj, null)` because it retrieves the value from the object and terminates recursion.

- **Generic Method** `public void Insert<T>(T item) {}` When we use `<T>`, it indicates that the method can accept only that specific type. Example: `Insert<string>("Hello world");`

- **IEnumerable Interface**
  - Once an object has been cast to the `IEnumerable` interface, it can be used to iterate over its elements using a `foreach` loop or other methods that accept an `IEnumerable` object.

- **Data Types**
  - **Dynamic Type**
    - Skips type-checking at compile time.
    - Defers type-checking until runtime.
    - All syntax checks are performed, and errors are thrown at runtime.
  
  - **Var Type**
    - Type-checking occurs at compile time.

- **Cascade Feature**
  - Normal `StringBuilder` usage:
```csharp
    var sb = new StringBuilder();    
    sb.Append("Hello");     
    sb.Append("World");
```
  
  - Using the cascade feature:
```csharp
var sb = new StringBuilder().Append("Hello").Append("World");
```